when you're on Twitter it's just
non-stop you know everywhere you go
people know me for surfing small isn't
trying to expand in reality I I thrive
off it doesn't matter what I'm doing
it's going out at 100 percent I'm still
looking for new ways to experience I
think the ocean is what inspires me the
most and I spent a good bit getting hat
part of my life competing
I'm very kind of isolated on a certain
type of surfboard a lot of doors opened
up for me when I stopped in the to her
and enabled me to experiment on
different surfboards and understand
where we came from patience with these
I didn't realize intricacies that went
into surfboards you know especially
working without like having Calais as
your master shaper he is on such a
different level numbers didn't really
mean anything that it was all about like
finding these the blends and getting the
Kong caves and the entry rockers and and
at that point like it was all just like
in one ear out the other but obviously
some of it stuck in there to find a way
to keep it fresh keep getting inspired
just kind of gotta have an open mind and
really go into whatever it is it's
playing guitar sometimes I'll go online
and find a tuning that is just totally
foreign to me and I'll just leave it
there for a week and just keep playing
until something happens
surfing so interesting because the ocean
is always going to change the goal here
is to have fun and in doing that it's
finding a surfboard that just feels
really good on your feet
you just know that at some point your
session you're going to link together
like a string of maneuvers or just trim
through one little pocket and just come
out of it with ton of speed if you go
out there with those first couple
elements in place something magical is
gonna happen
when I think about everything life
surfing surfboards in order to move
forward we really need to look to the
past to see where we came from so much
to learn